hey what's up guys i just wanted to give
a really really quick shout out to one
of my friends uh he used to work with me
his name is Derek Turner he's honestly
one of the craziest artists that I've
ever met he does some awesome awesome
videos I'm gonna come down to the corner
right here and I'm gonna play this one
video of him he's making a lego
illustration mixed with a Minecraft
illustration so go check out his channel
it's Derek t he's also over on the right
side of my screen under the other
channels or whatever that I promote he's
freaking awesome and so this is the
newest one that he made we'll go ahead
and skip to the end you can see the
final product right there it looks
awesome but he made this one a couple
months ago in February and there's a
freaking ad on the screen but look we're
gonna go ahead and skip into this one he
made this this is a clash illustration
of goblins he's done to clash
illustrations and they're all really
really awesome you can see they're all
just speed arts here's the Goblin and
whatnot we're gonna keep fast-forwarding
through this and all these things you
can buy off of his shop too and like
really big posters for your room and
stuff like that but we'll keep on
fast-forwarding you can see he's still
working on the Goblin you can see the
walls in the back this one's called Gold
Rush and look at that that just looks so
freaking awesome the goblins are
stealing all the stuff he's got the
clash logo in the bottom corner and then
we're gonna watch this other one this
video has almost 90,000 views on it um
it's a LEGO version of clash of clans
and again he has all these posters
available for sale on his thing but look
at this he just illustrates it they're
really really cool to watch this one is
definitely one of my favorites that he's
done you can see zooms in on everything
and once he zooms out you're gonna see
how sweet this really looks there's the
giant lego man right there but he's got
the archer towers in the back and the
walls and everything it just looks I'm
gonna rewind so y'all can see that
poster real quick it just looks really
really really cool he's an unbelievably
talented guy
but go check out his channel i'm going
to put it in the description as well
make sure that y'all leave i'ma like on
these videos go subscribe to them and
yeah make his day for me all right but
hey guys thanks for watching again you
don't know i'm a graphic designer so i
love this kind of stuff i hope that you
all enjoyed as well but that's going to
be it i will see you guys soon y'all can
be looking out for a class without walls
video very soon all right as always guys
make sure you keep calm and clash on for
me right I'll see you guys later